Add and update documentation image descriptions (#2)
isabela-pf/napari: docs/developers/profiling.md

total time of execution of each function. It also produces a call graph that
simplifies understanding the call relationship between functions.

> ![Example part of execution graph ](images/execution_graph.png)

Author: I read up a little bit on profiling visualizations to try and understand this better, but it's new to me and I'd appreciate people with expertise checking for accuracy.

```suggestion
![A section of an example call graph showing the functions involved in a napari layerlist call. It has six connected boxes organized into three groups. First is the input: layerlist call. Second, the layerlist breaks into _extent_world and _step_size functions that turn into their own <listcomp> sections upon completion. Third, the <listcomp> boxes converge to make the output of the initial layerlist call.](images/execution_graph.png)
```

Author: A shortened version of this alt text if the content of the graph is not important to understanding.

```suggestion
![A section of an example call graph showing the functions involved in a napari layerlist call.](images/execution_graph.png)
```

Reviewer: I suggest going with the shortened one because I interpret the image here as a suggestion of the kind of thing we're going to be able to produce with profiling tools. The short description does a great job at doing that, whereas the long description contains details that are most irrelevant at this point in the document.
